In the deep,shadowy depths of the ocean, there live thousands and thousands
of octopuses. All of them did the same thing; they swam around, ate 
crustaceans, and shot ink at unfriendly predators. However, there was one 
octopus who was not like the rest. By some strange anomaly, he had come to
develop an incessant desire for pancakes. His name was Peter. Naturally, living
in the depths of the ocean was rather unfavorable for such a specimen. And so 
one day, he decided to embark on an adventure that would change his life 
forever; the journey to the surface. 

The first challenge he met was that, after all, he is still an octopus. There 
is no way that he can survive on the surface. Peter visited Witch of the sea.
The witch was willing to make him able to stay alive as an octopus on the land 
on one condition, Peter could never return back to the sea. In persue of his 
dream, Peter accepted the bargain. He visited his favourite secret spots and 
his friends one last time. He left fearlessly and determined to leave his dear
home for good.

When he finally broke the surface, the glaring sunlight almost blinded him. 
After he finally blinked the sunlight out of his eyes, he gazed at his 
surroundings in awe. The surface truly was a completely different world. He
flopped his way onto the sand and began to slowly crawl forward. Thw witch's
spell may have granted him to ability to survive on land, but it did nothing
to improve his mobility. But at that moment, Peter felt no pain or regret; 
all such feelings were suppressed by his sheer determinaion. With nothing on
his mind save the tantalizing taste of pancakes, Peter crawled ever forward,
ready to start the next chapter of his life.
